Hello! Very good everyone I am Cascales and today I bring you a video on how to use our
wii mote or our Wii U Pro controller on a Mac
Surely many times you've thought "Fuck, I'd really like to play this game,
because I never had it or because I want to relive old times, but play with the keyboard
it's disgusting "Well you know that you can play with our controls, both play,
xbox like Wii.
In my case I'm going to focus on the Wii and how to use it on a Mac, which is what
I use usually. There are a lot of tutorials on youtube to use it on PC, so
I'm not going to explain them, because as you know I do not have a PC, however if you had any
Doubt, you tell me that I will do everything possible to help.
To start the most important thing is that you have bluetooth on your Mac, it is the way in which
the controls are communicated.
We are going to install two third-party applications, for this it is important that in Settings, Security
and privacy, you have the option to allow applications downloaded from any
site.
Well, the first thing you're going to download is the Open Emu, it's the best emulator I've seen
for Mac. It works for a lot of consoles, Nes, SNES, Game Boy, Advance, Atari, Sega
Saturn ... and in all we can configure the controls of the command.
You enter the page itself and you download it has no science, because it has no loss.
The good thing about this emulator is that once you download it and start playing games, the same
program sorts it according to which platform it is and puts the corresponding cover.
That is a pijada, but it is appreciated and makes it much more visual.
Already in itself the emulator lets us connect a wii mote, which already facilitates us a lot
the task, what happens is that for some games of Snes especially, the two buttons
of wii mote fall short and you need a command in conditions. To configure a
Pro controller we will download wjoy that allows us to connect any Wii Remote
You go to Google and put Wjoy, the first thing that comes out and download the latest version and directly you download
It has very few options. We are interested in
Begin Discovery which is to find the command you want to synchronize, simply
press this option and the second press the Sync button of your command, for those who do not know it is
the red button, in some wii mote is out in others is where the batteries and in
the case of pro control is behind
I've only seen one problem with the app and that is that when you synchronize your command with this application
If you want to use it again on your console you have to re-synchronize it and it's a
little pain.
Once synchronized we will get into the emulator's adjustment menu, inside the own
game and there we configure the command. It's so simple that I doubt you have a problem.
And now you only have to enjoy all the games you want. I leave you a description
the page that I have been using all my life. It has all the classics and without having to
register or anything.
I hope you liked this video. You already know, like if it was useful for you, share it
with your friends, subscribe if you are not yet and comment.
Thank you very much everyone for watching this video, We are already more than 30! Let's see if we can grow
a little more. Regards and until next time.